The Chinese Military’s New Third in Command
Decoding Hindutva’s US Operations
The July Charter: A New Beginning for Bangladesh’s Democratic Future
Saudi Investors Are Eyeing Afghanistan’s Resources
Pakistan Offers US a Port Near Gwadar
How China’s Green Surplus Defines Indonesia’s Energy Future
How to Implement the Cambodia-Thailand Peace Agreement
Russia and Kazakhstan: Propaganda Posts and Realpolitik
How the Australia-US Minerals Framework Redefines Allied Industrial Strategy
The Takaichi Administration’s Foreign and Security Policy
Indian Revolutionaries in America and the Fight to Overthrow the British Raj
Washington to Host Central Asian Leaders on November 6
ASEAN Foreign Ministers Voice ‘Concern’ About Ongoing Myanmar Conflict
ASEAN, China Upgrade Free Trade Agreement
Breaking Down Malaysia’s 2026 Budget
Rain and Rainbows: Taiwan Celebrates Pride as Hong Kong’s LGBTQ Rights Stall
Education with Purpose at The Koç School
After Prince Group Sanctions, Unanswered Questions for Cambodia’s Interior Minister
How Bangladesh’s Cricket Hero Buried His Own Career
Has the EU Sacrificed Human Rights to Economic Expediency in Indonesia?
Rethinking Offense and Defense in the AI Era
Corruption and Cybercrime in Southeast Asia: UN Conventions Build the Framework to Fight Back
The ‘New Normal’ Is Not Deglobalization, It’s Reglobalization
TICAD9: A New Direction and New Challenges
In First Summit, Takaichi Uses Abe Legacy, Flattery, and Defense Plans to Engage Trump
Beleaguered South Asian University Now Accused of ‘Cover-up’ of Alleged Gang Rape on Campus
The Trump-Xi APEC Summit: Seeking a Trade Truce
How Anti-Terror Laws Became a Tool to Silence Dissent in Balochistan
Kyrgyz Court Declares Temirov Live and Kloop Extremist
Is China’s Near Monopoly in Rare Earths Really a Chokepoint in the Global Economy?
Pragmatism with Purpose: South Korea’s Opportunity to Lead in the Indo-Pacific
Bangladesh: Where the Smoke Meets the Sea
Pakistan’s Islamist Parties Pivot to Economic Populism
Trump’s Meeting With Xi Must Deliver Wins, Not Photo Ops
French Shipyard Proposes Partnering With India’s Mazagon Dock to Build Subs for Export
Trump, Xi Attacks on Rights a Challenge for APEC Summit
South Korea and US Presidents Talk Tariffs, Nuclear Subs at Summit
India’s Farm Policies Behind Bad Air, Unhealthy Diet, Water Crisis
China’s Private Sector: Unseen and Unsung
Takaichi’s Ambitious Economic and Security Agenda for Japan
China’s Development Strategy in the 15th Five-Year Plan Era
The Trump-Xi Summits, Then and Now: Trade, Taiwan, and Russia
Wargaming China’s Dominance in Rare Earths and Critical Minerals
The Remaking of the Indian Army Since Operation Sindoor
Myanmar Rebel Group Agrees to Ceasefire With Military Ahead of Junta Election
With Fourth Plenum, Xi Jinping Dares the US to Fight
BBC Journalist Barred From Leaving Vietnam, Broadcaster Says
Will Crime Syndicates Kill the Thai-Cambodian Peace Deal?
Hanoi Convention: Vietnam’s Middle Power Moment
25 Years On: How Resolution 1325 Transformed Women’s Role in Global Peace
Japan-South Korea Relations Under a Takaichi Sanae Government
‘Golden Age’ of the Japan-US Alliance in the Shadow of Abe
South Korean President Meets New Japanese Prime Minister
Trump, Xi Tackle Trade War in ‘Truly Great Meeting’
Failed Taliban-Pakistan Peace Talks and China’s Deepening Concerns
A Perfect Match: Taliban Control Meets Global Apathy
APEC Is More Than the Trump-Xi Summit
New Zealand’s Recalibrated Foreign Policy at Play in Southeast Asia
Fractures and Realignments Among Pakistan’s Jihadist Groups
Taiwan’s T-Dome Missile Defense: Balancing Deterrence, Risk, and Regional Stability
India’s Massive Mining Push in the Fragile Northeast Causes Concern
Timor-Leste Shouldn’t Have to Buy Its ASEAN Seat With Silence
Afghanistan and the Long Shadow of Bagram
Life in Lint: The Cost of India’s Textile Recycling
Former President Duterte to Appeal ICC Ruling Affirming Its Jurisdiction
Nepal Counts the Economic Cost of the Gen Z Uprising
Uzbekistan’s Water Crisis Spells Debts for Farmers
Game Changer: Trump Approves South Korea’s Nuclear Submarine Ambition
Trump and Xi Revive the Ghost of the G2
Why Standing by South Korea’s Hanwha Is a US Imperative
C5+1 Summit: What’s at Stake for the US and Central Asia
Cheng Li-wun’s Election Raises Questions for the KMT
Taliban Minister Muttaqi’s Visit to Deoband Seminary in India
Beyond Hardware: The Message Behind Singapore’s New Defense Acquisitions
Japan Is Sending Soldiers to Lithuania to Train Ukrainian Troops
Why Trump Should Have Raised China’s Transnational Repression With Xi Jinping
Where Afghanistan Fits in Iran’s Changing Regional Playbook
Europe’s Blind Spot: China’s Transnational Repression
Is This Central Asia’s Green Energy Reckoning?
United Council of Rohang: Bangladesh’s Script for Rohingya Leadership
How North Korea Uses Vietnam to Avoid UN Sanctions
Inside China’s Struggle for Influence in Central Asia
US, Vietnam Discuss Deeper Defense Cooperation, Possible Arms Sales
Rebel Leader Reiterates Demand for Separate Flag and Constitution for Nagas in India’s Northeast
How to Save India-US Relations
Singapore Police Seize $115M in Assets Tied to Cambodia’s Prince Group
Why Indonesia’s Focus on Secondhand Military Purchases Could Backfire
Asia’s Dual Scramble: Critical Minerals, Energy, and the Traders Holding It Together
With Eye on Elections Bangladesh’s Jamaat-e-Islami Offers Vague Apology
In Kazakhstan, Energy Security Is Increasingly in Danger
How the Trump-Xi Meeting Was Read in Taiwan
C5+1 at a Crossroads: Charting the Next Decade of US-Central Asia Engagement
Lee and Xi Agree to Strengthen China-South Korea Relations
Debt Relief as Currency Strategy: China’s Renminbi Push in Africa
Nuclear Subs and Bounded Autonomy: The Evolving Logic of the South-US Alliance
A Mini-Detente Between Trump and Xi: What It Means for Central Asia
The China Model’s Fatal Flaw
The AI Grand Bargain
The New Supply Chain Insecurity
China Against China
The Return of the Energy Weapon
The New Eurasian Order
Taiwan Is Not for Sale
How Hunger Threatens Peace in Gaza
The New African Order
Losing the Swing States
Toward a Taiwan Truce
The Military-Narrational Complex
Structure Trumps Agency in the U.S.-China Relationship
America and China Can Have a Normal Relationship
How to Solve Gaza’s Hamas Problem
How to Put IR Theory Into Practice
The Fantasy of a New Middle East
The Regime Change Temptation in Venezuela
The Pacific Islands Challenge
Making Multipolarity Work
Trump and Xi Reach a Trade Truce
The Politics of Hurricane Melissa
Economics Is Europe’s Tool for Everything
Trump Plays Offense in China’s Backyard
Will Trump’s Critical Minerals Blitz Pay Off?
China Is Stamping Out Dissident Art
Moscow’s Shadow Looms Over Bratislava
Add This to the Canon of Great Diplomacy Books
What in the World?
Xi Takes the Spotlight at APEC Summit in Trump’s Absence
Why China Is Winning the Trade War
A New Nuclear Arms Race?
The Quad Is Dead, Long Live the Quad
Why Russell Vought Is One of the Most Powerful People in Washington
Taiwan’s Government Is Scared of Its Own Semiconductor Giant
India Is Disenfranchising Millions of Voters
The Taliban’s Entry Into India-Pakistan Rivalry
Can the Gulf Rebuild the Middle East?
What the U.S. Supreme Court Tariffs Case Is Really About
The U.N. Must Help Consolidate Gaza Peace
Why Is Trump Suddenly Talking About Invading Nigeria?
Tanzania’s President Sworn In Amid Political Crisis
With Military Buildup Against Venezuela, the U.S. Eyes Cuba as Well
Indonesia’s Belt and Road Railway to Nowhere
Dick Cheney, Architect of the War on Terror, Dies
The Trouble with Abundance
Trump’s Supporters Should Be Careful What They Wish For
Will AI Kill the Firm?
Can China Catch Up with the US Economically?
Trump’s Pivot from Asia
The Big Picture
How Vulnerable Is China?
Development Finance Must Shift Away from Aid
The Coming US-China Thaw
The Big Lie Behind Trump’s Boat Strikes
Indian Politics Are a Family Business
Is Bessent Right About the Fed?
What COP30 Must Do
Trump’s Violent New Monroe Doctrine
What Is the Gold Price Telling Us?
ASEAN’s Moment of Truth
Argentina Is on a Path to Economic Success
Can the Developing World Weather the Next Financial Crisis?
What Can Europe Offer a Fragmenting World?
Adam Smith and the Moral Economy We Have Lost
Why Hong Kong is criminalising a song
How AI image-generators work
Why is Turkey blocking Sweden from joining NATO?
Why a cancer scare around aspartame is mostly unfounded
When GPS fails, how can weapons find their targets?
Why developing the world’s first malaria vaccine has taken so long
What happens when extreme weather hits several places at once?
How many irregular migrants go missing?
Why Russia’s bombings of Ukrainian ports have jolted wheat prices
How two new munitions could affect the war in Ukraine
Can superstars like Beyoncé or Taylor Swift spur inflation?
What will be the impact of India’s rice-export ban?
What is AMOC, the heat-distributing Atlantic current?
Have scientists really found a room-temperature superconductor?
How could FPV drones change warfare?
What is nuclear fusion?
What makes ultra-processed foods so bad for your health?
Who is Kim Yo Jong, North Korea’s propagandist-in-chief?
What is the future of the BRICS?
Why are Moscow’s air defences performing so badly?
Why was RICO, a mafia-targeting act, used to charge Donald Trump?
Imran Khan’s legal troubles
How dangerous is tranq, the new drug sweeping America?
What the Inflation Reduction Act has achieved in its first year
Can Parkinson’s disease be detected with an eye exam?
Donald Trump and the history of the mugshot
How Europe’s new digital law will change the internet
What is “friendshoring”?
What is El Niño?
Why some British school buildings might be unsafe
What is Australia’s “Voice to Parliament”?
A primer on Trump’s criminal trials
Why France is banning Muslim clothing in schools (again)
How to escape from prison
Why Venice will charge tourists to enter
What are Hycean worlds, a proposed new habitat for life?
Why America’s Republicans want to bomb Mexico
Will India change its name to Bharat?
What is Khalistan, the independent homeland some Sikhs yearn for?
Could the 14th Amendment bar Donald Trump from becoming president again?
Why Poland is halting its supply of weapons to Ukraine
What is America’s farm bill, and why does it matter?
What happens if America’s government shuts down this weekend?
Can Russia repeat its winter bombing of Ukraine’s electricity grid?
Why France has worked itself into a frenzy about bedbugs
How America’s House of Representatives will choose a speaker
How powerful is Hamas?
Why the Polish election campaign has been so vicious
A short history of Gaza
How China’s Belt and Road Initiative is changing
What is Hizbullah?
What is Palestinian Islamic Jihad?
What evidence reveals about the Gaza hospital blast’s source
How has Israel’s commercial airspace remained open?
What limits do the laws of war impose on combatants?
Can Hamas’s casualty figures be trusted?
What’s weird about Ireland’s GDP?
Why Gaza’s refugee camps are so vulnerable
Who is Herzi Halevi, the chief of staff of the Israel Defence Forces?
Why covid-19 did not harm rich economies as badly as first thought
What is the American State Department’s “dissent channel”?
How the term “genocide” is misused in the Israel-Hamas war
What is Israel’s Iron Beam?
The difference between a “ceasefire” and a “humanitarian pause”
What is Iran’s axis of resistance?
Was Israel’s attack on al-Shifa hospital justified?
The A to Z of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Who is Geert Wilders, the surprise winner of the Dutch election?
Who are the Palestinians in Israel’s prisons?
Why “offshoring” asylum-seekers rarely works
What does it take to expel an American congressman?
What is antisemitism—and why do differences in interpretation matter?
How Israel is using drones in Gaza
How Nayib Bukele is breaking presidential term limits in El Salvador
What is krav maga?
Who are the Houthis, the group attacking ships in the Red Sea?
Why the price of olive oil is soaring
Could the Democrats replace Joe Biden as their presidential candidate?
How art is used against artists, like Young Thug, in court
How sanctions on Russia will change the diamond trade
Can Ukrainian drone attacks hurt Russia?
Who is Lai Ching-te, the leader in Taiwan’s presidential race?
How the Iowa caucuses are changing in 2024
Why is America’s Congress being briefed on UFOs?
What is the point of coming second to Donald Trump?
How viable is Arctic shipping?
Why a new temple to Ram in Ayodhya matters so much to Indians
Will Republicans strike a border deal?
Why have the Democrats changed their primary calendar?
What is prompt-engineering for artificial intelligence?
The factions at the heart of a scandal in Japan’s ruling party
Why execution by nitrogen gas is so controversial
What on earth is happening in Poland?
Did an Israeli hospital raid breach the laws of war?
Can anyone do anything about Viktor Orban?
Why is there so much violence in Balochistan?
What is an atmospheric river?
Why has The Economist changed its typeface?
A history of settler violence in the West Bank
How to know when the world has passed 1.5°C of global warming
How Donald Trump’s re-election would threaten NATO’s Article 5
Who is Prabowo Subianto, Indonesia’s probable next president?
How Ukraine sank the Caesar Kunikov—and is beating Russia at sea
What is Russia’s mysterious new space weapon?
Why is Nikki Haley losing to Donald Trump on home ground?
Can transgender women breastfeed?
Why do Nvidia’s chips dominate the AI market?
Does generative artificial intelligence infringe copyright?
What is Hindutva, the ideology of India’s ruling party?
Why American cars are so big
Why Germany is reluctant to send Taurus missiles to Ukraine
Who is Jimmy “Barbecue” Chérizier, Haiti’s most prominent gang leader?
What is photo retouching and when is it permissible?
How can democracies respond to rigged elections?
Might Russia run out of big guns?
Will Texas succeed in enforcing its own immigration law?
What is the Islamic State Khorasan Province?
Gaza could face a famine by May. What does that mean?
How to define artificial general intelligence
Why it is so rare to see a total solar eclipse
Why the Moon needs its own time
What are “golden visas”?
Why are embassies supposed to be inviolable?
What is geoengineering?
How a home-improvement subsidy is wrecking Italy’s public finances
Why do cicadas have such a strange life cycle?
The growing role of fighting robots on the ground in Ukraine
Why is so much of the internet’s infrastructure run by volunteers?
What are the obligations of Israel and Hamas to protect civilians?
Who is jamming airliners’ GPS in the Baltic?
What are the rules governing protests on American campuses?
The vocabulary of disinformation
Could the International Criminal Court indict Binyamin Netanyahu?
Why India’s election is the most expensive in the world
The tawdry history of “catch-and-kill” journalism
What are the Russian “turtle tanks” seen in Ukraine?
Why Julian Assange’s extradition case is taking so long
What does it mean to recognise Palestinian statehood?
Who is Karim Khan, chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court?
How lab-grown meat became part of America’s culture wars
How powerful is the European Parliament?
Ukraine has a navy that needs no sailors
What are MRP polls and can they predict election results accurately?
How America’s presidential debates are changing this year
How political “cohabitation” works in France
What is the “duck curve”?
Why North Korea is sending its rubbish to the South
Why football might (just) be coming home, to Austria
How will Democrats replace Joe Biden as their candidate for president?
Ten plausible contenders to replace Joe Biden
Why Finland and others are vaccinating people against bird flu
Who might Donald Trump pick as his running-mate?
What is the Chinese Communist Party’s third plenum?
Why did the Secret Service fail to protect Trump from being shot?
Why some Russian athletes will be eligible to compete at the Paris Olympics
Why the Olympics still has a doping problem
Why have so few American presidents been from the West?
Who will be Kamala Harris’s running-mate?
Myanmar’s rapidly changing civil war, in maps and charts
Who are the Druze, the victims of a deadly strike on Israel?
Who should control Western Sahara?
Is this the end of Project 2025, the plan that riled Donald Trump?
What led to the bitter controversy over an Olympics boxing match?
Do vice-presidential picks matter?
Would legal doping change the Olympics?
What is “two-tier” policing?
Why Russian troops are attacking on motorbikes
The significance of liquid water on Mars
What is a carry trade?
Could a waterspout have sunk a superyacht?
A short history of political meddling with the Federal Reserve
The battle between drones and helicopters in Ukraine
What are the Murdochs fighting about in a secret Nevada court?
Will the debate between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump matter?
When can parents be held responsible for their children’s crimes?
Who will lead Britain’s Conservative Party?
Donald Trump says immigrants are eating Springfield’s pets. What?
Will Taylor Swift’s endorsement of Kamala Harris matter?
What is the Fed’s preferred inflation measure?
Can Donald Trump use songs against a musician’s will?
What is Kamala Harris’s record as a prosecutor?
What does SpaceX want to do with its Starship?
How far do Kamala Harris and Donald Trump differ on policy?
Is Elon Musk’s $1m giveaway to American voters illegal?
Is Kamala Harris right to call Donald Trump a fascist?
Why The Economist endorses political candidates
Will Donald Trump’s power be unchecked if Republicans win the House?
Why is Donald Trump keen to use “recess appointments”?
Should America ban fluoride in its drinking water?
What would it cost to kill coal?
Is RFK junior right to say America allows more toxins than the EU?
Who are the main rebel groups in Syria?
Where does Santa come from?
What would Donald Trump gain from seizing the Panama Canal?
What do Greenlanders think of being bought?
How will mines dropped by drones change warfare?
Why are India and Pakistan fighting over water?
How drones and video-game techniques are coming together in Ukraine’s war
Why armies are using laser weapons to zap things out of the sky
Five dangerous fault lines divide Trump and Zelensky
Vladimir Putin is growing ever more repressive as he loses support
China’s growing military confidence puts Taiwan at risk
The new rules of the “creator economy”
There have been 7m-13m excess deaths worldwide during the pandemic
How can more covid-19 vaccines be made available?
How Israel and Hamas returned to armed conflict
Mexico’s populist president faces a crucial test in elections in June
Europe is now a corporate also-ran. Can it recover its footing?
The bottlenecks which could constrain emission cuts
Ransomware highlights the challenges and subtleties of cybersecurity
How covid-19 is inspiring education reform
The unvaccinated are at risk as evolution accelerates the covid-19 pandemic
Will surprisingly high global inflation last?
Joe Biden is determined that China should not displace America
Three degrees of global warming is quite plausible and truly disastrous
The prospects for developing countries are not what they once were
Open-source intelligence challenges state monopolies on information
China’s future economic potential hinges on its productivity
From Saigon to Kabul: what America’s Afghan fiasco means for the world
America’s flight from Afghanistan will embolden jihadists around the world
How did American “wokeness” jump from elite schools to everyday life?
Left-wing activists are using old tactics in a new assault on liberalism
How America wasted its unipolar moment
Adventures in DeFi-land
What are blockchains?
AUKUS reshapes the strategic landscape of the Indo-Pacific
Britain’s sluggish stockmarket
The decline of Britain’s stockmarket should be seen in a broader historical context
Creating the new hydrogen economy is a massive undertaking
How the world learns to live with covid-19
Enter third-wave economics
Many more Africans are migrating within Africa than to Europe
The Democrats’ social-spending package cannot repair the American Dream
Vladimir Putin has shifted from autocracy to dictatorship
Governments are not going to stop getting bigger
As America retreats, regional rogues are on the rise
Omicron looks ominous. How bad is it likely to be?
The world that the West built after Pearl Harbour is cracking
The Republicans are still Donald Trump’s party, and they can still win
Russia’s menacing of Ukraine is unlikely to induce NATO to retreat
Kazakhstan’s bloody turbulence will affect all of Central Asia
What America’s largest technology firms are investing in
What are Vladimir Putin’s military intentions in Ukraine?
Why the world is saving too much money for its own good
The elections in Uttar Pradesh will show where India is heading
A new era of transparent warfare beckons
Vladimir Putin’s attack on Ukraine also damages Russia
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine
Western sanctions on Russia are like none the world has seen
Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine is wrecking two countries
The war in Ukraine is going to change geopolitics profoundly
Vladimir Putin is pushing Russia into the past
Russian soldiers expecting to be welcomed to Ukraine were soon disabused
Ukraine fights on
The risk that the war in Ukraine escalates past the nuclear threshold
An uncertain outlook across Ukraine
The new Russian cult of war
Ukraine’s president tells The Economist why Vladimir Putin must be defeated
What next for Russia?
France looks likely to re-elect Emmanuel Macron
Volodymyr Zelensky’s Ukraine is defined by self-organisation
What will it cost to rebuild Ukraine?
What Taiwan can learn from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine
Russia’s army is in a woeful state
America’s Supreme Court faces a crisis of legitimacy
India is likely to be the world’s fastest-growing big economy this year
A world grain shortage puts tens of millions at risk
China is trying to protect its economy from Western pressure
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has eroded the nuclear taboo
The structure of the world’s supply chains is changing
Energy security gives climate-friendly nuclear-power plants a new appeal
Does a protracted conflict favour Russia or Ukraine?
As TikTok grows, so does suspicion
Democrats in America are realising they must moderate or die
How has Turkey’s economy kept growing despite raging inflation?
Vladimir Putin is in thrall to a distinctive brand of Russian fascism
Germany is facing dramatic change in many dimensions all at once
Donald Trump’s hold on the Republican Party is unquestionable
Gene therapies must become miracles of medicine
American policy is splitting, state by state, into two blocs
Jair Bolsonaro is poised to lose the Brazilian election
The war in Ukraine has reshaped the world’s fuel markets
An investigation into what has shaped Xi Jinping’s thinking
Elon Musk’s foray into geopolitics has Ukraine worried
Ukraine’s military success is reshaping Russia as well as the war
China and the West are in a race to foster innovation
Will India become a green superpower?
Joe Biden attempts the biggest overhaul of America’s economy in decades
The world is going to miss the totemic 1.5°C climate target
On what terms could the war in Ukraine stop?
Indonesia is poised for a boom—politics permitting
The failure of FTX and Sam Bankman-Fried will leave deep scars
What Sam Bankman-Fried’s downfall means for effective altruism
The costs and consequences of Europe’s energy crisis are growing
China’s failing covid strategy leaves Xi Jinping with no good options
Rising interest rates and inflation have upended investing
“Anyone who underestimates Russia is headed for defeat”
Ukraine’s top soldier runs a different kind of army from Russia’s
Volodymyr Zelensky and his generals explain why the war hangs in the balance
How Elon Musk’s satellites have saved Ukraine and changed warfare
Globalisation, already slowing, is suffering a new assault
As Disney turns 100, its business is on a rollercoaster ride
How Goldman Sachs went from apex predator to Wall Street laggard
America’s government is spending lavishly to revive manufacturing
Why Adani Group’s troubles will reverberate across India
Lots of investors think inflation is under control. Not so fast
Ukraine’s fate will determine the West’s authority in the world
The West is struggling to forge a new arsenal of democracy
The invasion has stalled, but Putin’s war on dissent marches on
The war is making Ukraine a Western country
Data from satellites reveal the vast extent of fighting in Ukraine
A new class of drugs for weight loss could end obesity
America and China are preparing for a war over Taiwan
Texas’s latest boom is its biggest yet
Iran wants a detente with its neighbours but not with America
America’s commercial sanctions on China could get much worse
The evidence to support medicalised gender transitions in adolescents is worryingly weak
America’s economic outperformance is a marvel to behold
Russia’s economy can withstand a long war, but not a more intense one
Could Erdogan be ousted in Turkey’s coming election?
China v America: how Xi Jinping plans to narrow the military gap
How soon and at what height will China’s economy peak?
How China measures national power
The fall of empires preys on Xi Jinping’s mind
China learns to manage decline
Henry Kissinger explains how to avoid world war three
It’s not just a fiscal fiasco: greying economies also innovate less
The geopolitical stakes of Ukraine’s counter-offensive
Ukraine’s counter-offensive is gathering pace
Pretending that everything is under control in Russia
Inflation is as corrosive to investing as it is to the real economy
War is reshaping the Ukrainian state—for the better
The surprising upside of climate migration
Why China should be friendlier to its neighbours
The meticulous, ruthless preparations for a second Trump term
Could America’s economy escape recession?
Saudi Arabia is spending a fortune on sport
China’s defeated youth
El Niño and global warming are mixing in alarming ways
How cynical leaders are whipping up nationalism to win and abuse power
The Gulf countries want to reshape the Middle East in their image
The hard right is getting closer to power all over Europe
To endure a long war, Ukraine is remaking its army, economy and society
Western help for Ukraine is likely to diminish next year
How Microsoft could supplant Apple as the world’s most valuable firm
The war in Ukraine is threatening to wash across the Black Sea
Hamas has failed to rally the Middle East to its cause
Hamas’s atrocities and Israel’s retaliation will change both sides for ever
Hamas’s attack was the bloodiest in Israel’s history
Is Israel acting within the laws of war?
Israel’s tank commanders are studying Russia’s mistakes
Hamas tunnels under Gaza will be a key battlefield for Israel
Vladimir Putin’s plan to profit from the Israel-Hamas war
Mapping Israel’s war in Gaza
The Arab world thinks differently about this war
As Israel’s invasion of Gaza nears, the obstacles get more daunting
Israel’s four unpalatable options for Gaza’s long-term future
Mapping the destruction in Gaza
Why Saudi Arabia and the UAE want to keep links with Israel
Can the Palestinian Authority control Gaza if Hamas is ousted?
Iran’s ayatollahs play the Middle East’s most dangerous game
The overstretched superpower
Israel’s prime minister and its army are damagingly divided
Why Israel’s invasion of Gaza has been delayed
Markets think interest rates could stay high for a decade or more
Now AI can write, sing and act, is it still possible to be a star?
The messier the world gets, the more the UAE seems to thrive
How Putin is reshaping Russia to keep his war-machine running
Despite the war in Gaza, talk of a two-state solution persists
Brexit? Hah! Lockdowns? Shrug! Can nothing stop London?
Joe Biden’s chances do not look good. The Democrats have no plan B
Western firms are quaking as China’s electric-car industry speeds up
Ram and the strongman: Modi looks unstoppable in India’s election
Could AI transform life in developing countries?
As Facebook turns 20, politics is out; impersonal video feeds are in
China’s well-to-do are under assault from every side
“National conservatives” are forging a global front against liberalism
First electric cars. Next, electric factories?
Can Europe defend itself without America?
America’s ten-year-old fentanyl epidemic is still getting worse
Third-party candidates could be decisive in America’s election
America’s economy has escaped a hard landing
The war in Gaza may topple Hamas without making Israel safer
How to predict Donald Trump’s foreign policy
America and its allies are entering a period of nuclear uncertainty
Homeowners face a $25trn bill from climate change
America is uniquely ill-suited to handle a falling population
America’s $61bn aid package buys Ukraine time
America’s fiscal outlook is disastrous, but forgotten
The world’s economic order is breaking down
Why America is vulnerable to a despot
Why this is South Africa’s most important election since 1994
The undoing of Roe v Wade has created a mighty political movement
Narendra Modi could respond to disappointment in two different ways
The people and places that turned away from the BJP
America’s assassination attempt on Huawei is backfiring
How AI is changing warfare
What would Joe Biden actually do with a second term?
Democratic bigwigs are starting to call for Joe Biden to step aside
Senility in high office
One generation has dominated American politics for over 30 years
Introducing “Boom!”
Small investments in nutrition could make the world brainier
Will Binyamin Netanyahu’s visit to America repair or weaken ties?
Optimistic plans for post-war Gaza have little basis in reality
A shift in the media business is changing what it is to be a sports fan
Chinese firms are growing rapidly in the global south
Can Kamala Harris win on the economy?
Swing-state economies are doing just fine
America’s “left-behind” are doing better than ever
Talent is scarce. Yet many countries spurn it
Kamala Harris has revealed only the vaguest of policy platforms
Anarchy in Sudan has spawned the world’s worst famine in 40 years
The ripple effects of Sudan’s war are being felt across three continents
“Hell on earth”: satellite images document the siege of a Sudanese city
The Chinese authorities are concealing the state of the economy
What will happen if America’s election result is contested?
America is becoming less “woke”
Ukraine is on the defensive, militarily, economically and diplomatically
After the decapitation of Hizbullah, Iran could race for a nuclear bomb
What Hamas misunderstood about the Middle East
The bloodshed in the Middle East is fast expanding
A year on, Israeli society is divided about the lessons of October 7th
Has the war in Gaza radicalised young Palestinians?
Who will control the next Congress?
The rockets are nifty, but it is satellites that make SpaceX valuable
GLP-1s like Ozempic are among the most important drug breakthroughs ever
How bad could a second Trump presidency get?
Donald Trump’s victory was resounding. His second term will be, too
The energy transition will be much cheaper than you think
Elon Musk and Donald Trump seem besotted. Where is their bromance headed?
Elon Musk’s transformation, in his own words
How will Donald Trump handle the war in Ukraine?
The war in Ukraine is straining Russia’s economy and society
The Adani bribery case could upend Indian business and politics
Gambling is growing like gangbusters in America
Syria has exchanged a vile dictator for an uncertain future
The Assad regime’s fall voids many of the Middle East’s old certainties
Young customers in developing countries propel a boom in plastic surgery
How far will Donald Trump go to get rid of illegal immigrants?
The right in Congress and the courts will reshape Donald Trump’s agenda
Why Chinese AI has stunned the world
Many governments talk about cutting regulation but few manage to
Even in India, bureaucracy is being curtailed
Online scams may already be as big a scourge as illegal drugs
America’s military supremacy is in jeopardy
Donald Trump is a reckless president, but not yet a lawless one
The transactional world Donald Trump seeks would harm not help America
Syria’s economy, still strangled by sanctions, is on its knees
Syria has got rid of Bashar al-Assad, but not sectarian tensions
If it comes to a stand-off, Europe has leverage over America
Dreams of improving the human race are no longer science fiction
An unrestrained Israel is reshaping the Middle East
As Donald Trump’s trade war heats up, China is surprisingly confident
Donald Trump is battling America’s elite universities—and winning
Why can’t stinking rich Ivies cope with losing a few hundred million?
Emigration from Africa will change the world
Chinese military exercises foreshadow a blockade of Taiwan
Can China sap a divided and isolated Taiwan of its will to resist?
Any Chinese curbs on Taiwan’s trade would carry big economic costs
Would Vladimir Putin attack NATO?
Saudi society has changed drastically. Can the economy change, too?
A glimpse inside Putin’s secret arms empire
The crypto industry is suddenly at the heart of American politics
Vietnam’s economy is booming, but its new leader is worried
Vietnam, squeezed between America and China, looks for new friends
Nayib Bukele is devolving from tech-savvy reformer to autocrat
More and more parents around the world prefer girls to boys
China’s “low-altitude economy” is taking off
Will Iran’s hated regime implode?
Israel’s race to kill Iran’s nuclear dream
Israel’s blitz on Iran is fraught with uncertainty
Israel’s war with Iran is over
How much did America’s bombs damage Iran’s nuclear programme?
The war in Ukraine shows the West can re-arm without re-industrialising
The big beautiful bill reveals the hollowness of Trumponomics
The obscure Senate functionary whose word is law
The global asylum system is falling apart
The world is making impressive progress averting cancer
AI labs’ all-or-nothing race leaves no time to fuss about safety
What if AI made the world’s economic growth explode?
Donald Trump’s war on renewables
America is slashing its climate research
The humbling of green Europe
Israel on trial: can the country police its own war crimes?
China’s power over rare earths is not as great as it seems
The world’s biggest chipmaker needs to move beyond Taiwan
Jair Bolsonaro’s trial shows Brazil a way out from polarisation and stagnation
How America’s Democrats might win back power
A contracting population need not be a catastrophe
Humanity will shrink, far sooner than you think
America is falling out of love with Israel
Israelis do not like to think about estrangement from America
North Korea is becoming even more repressive and threatening
Can Donald Trump muzzle America’s press?
Why Russia’s micro-aggressions against Europe are proliferating
Israel and Hamas agree to the first phase of Donald Trump’s peace plan
The traffickers are winning the war on drugs
China is using America’s own trade weapons to beat it
As new jobs in finance dry up, New York City’s fiscal model is wilting
Japan Can Keep the Indo-Pacific Open and Free
Asia: five key points on new US tariffs
India braces for US tariff salvo
Climate risk: seven critical sectors impacted
Japan’s right shift signals more stimulus to support growth
Auto chart of the week: US threatens tariffs on trucks
Global outlook: Looking ahead to 2026
Europe faces a new era of geopolitical and trade risk
US-China economic war, round three: China plays hardball
Latin America: converging policy rates
Gaza ceasefire moves forward
China’s innovation fixation
Could Diego Garcia become an “AUKUS Island”?
Last week was a disaster for Ukraine – and America’s allies
The Pukpuk Treaty is a defence deal PNG’s youth can prosper from
Time to fill the empty office in Yarralumla
What a chipmaker in the Netherlands can tell Australia about its commercial relations with China
The sun is setting on Southeast Asia’s solar exporters
Europe should back Donald Trump to again engage Kim Jong-un
What Trump told Albanese about Taiwan matters more than AUKUS
Can rare earths be Australia’s next mining boom?
Geopolitics and making sense of the NEWS: North, East, West, South
A handshake can only reach so far – even in mending ties between North Korea and Malaysia
The apology Australia owes Timor-Leste – but won’t deliver
US foreign worker visas: Where there’s crisis, there’s opportunity
Australia treats gender equality as a foreign policy tool, not a principle
Prabowo’s first year: Visibility without vision in Indonesian foreign policy
South Korea is on track to become a defence powerhouse
Critical minerals: The US bid to bypass international rules on deep sea mining
The partition trap awaiting Ukraine’s territorial settlement
Malaysia and Indonesia can turn a border dispute into an opportunity
Japan’s hawkish turn under Takaichi tests India’s balancing act
ASEAN summits in 2025: Trump centrality
Star power as soft power: Australia’s celebrity diplomacy
Bougainville’s independence deadline exposes peace agreement gaps
A sham election offers no end to Myanmar’s suffering
Pacific development: The essential local ingredient for sustainability
The shock of the normal: Australia’s progressive patriotism
America shouldn’t pivot to Asia
Indonesia values the forests, but can it fund the trees?
Is the India–China détente real?
ASEAN’s dealmaking with Trump shows promise
Military training lessons from Ukraine
Timor’s ASEAN accession: What next?
A dynamite film, but a house of cards on nuclear reality
Confronting the danger of a “zombie” United Nations
Another Quad, with a plan that brings Sudan no closer to peace
Sunken ships, rising risks: Pacific shipwrecks and maritime security
Crunch time for Australia and COP31
Solomon Islands can have a military, but it shouldn’t need one
The mystery of South Korea’s nuclear-powered submarines
High waters, deep divisions in views of the South China Sea
Resilience diplomacy: The quiet contest shaping the Indo-Pacific
The Pacific Olympics legacy Australia needs to build for Brisbane 2032
The logic behind South Korea’s nuclear submarine deal
Indonesia's diplomacy: Changing with confidence
The myth of  “soft-liners” in Myanmar's military governments
Repairing warships, maintaining neutrality: Indonesia’s legal balancing act
Timor-Leste: to join the ASEAN neighbourhood, start with the house next door
Beyond AUKUS: The maritime strategy Australia needs
With Sanae Takaichi, “Japan is back” is back
Philippines, Canada Sign Visiting Forces Agreement Amid South China Sea Tensions
What the 2025 APEC Summit Means for South Korea’s AI Ambitions
The Strategic Costs of U.S. Exchange Program Cuts in Southeast Asia
Philippine, UAE Have Applied for CPTPP Membership, Report Claims
China’s Great Leap Forward in Combat Aircraft
What Chinese Leaders Really Think of Trump
The Fraught Politics of Corporate Disclosures
Ukraine’s New U.S. Ambassador Previews Her Pragmatic Approach to Washington
Ireland’s Next President Will Assume the Progressive Mantle
In Hurricane Melissa’s Wake, Trump’s Foreign Aid Cuts Face Critical Moment
Could the Financial Action Task Force Save U.N. Sanctions?
How Beijing Views Trump
What Does Trump Think Nuclear Testing Is?
How Many More Cloud Scares Does Europe Need?
COP30’s Dangerous Omission
Pakistan’s Generals Are Marching Toward Another Disaster
Can the Opposition End the 20 Years of BJP-JD(U) Rule in India’s Bihar?
US & Central Asia: What Is the C5+1?
Through the Tempest: The Philippines’ Defense Posture in Troubled Waters
Mongolia’s Defector Dilemma: Navigating the Korea Divide
US Tech Firms Are Bound by China’s Rising Techno-Nationalism
Malaysia Must Stop Enabling Iran’s Sanctions Evasion
India’s Tryst With Strategic Experimentation
Beyond Fiber-Optic Cables: Securing Seabed Before the Next Crisis
India, US Seek to Stabilize Relations By Renewing Defense Pact
Uzbekistan to Introduce Visa-Free Entry for US Citizens From January 1
Japan’s New Government Boasts High Approval Ratings
AI’s Rapacious Appetite for Electricity Can Accelerate Clean Energy
The art of Australia’s straight-talking diplomacy
The Fall of El Fasher Marks Another Dark Turn in Sudan’s Civil War
What Are China’s Nuclear Ambitions?
Growing Trust – and Trade – Between the US and Uzbekistan
How to Stop the Genocide in Sudan
Åland, and the fate of demilitarised islands on Russia’s doorstep
The Slow Death of Russian Oil
The Case for Trump’s Second-Term Foreign Policy
Australia’s mineral diplomacy can connect Africa’s resources to Asia’s demand
Beyond the headlines: the risk of stereotyping women in uniform
The Inevitability of Japan’s New Prime Minister
Daily Memo: US Revamp in Puerto Rico, Egyptian Mediation
The UAE’s Quiet Militarization of the Red Sea
Daily Memo: Negotiations on Gaza, Weapons for Ukraine
The ‘Great Game’ of our Era: The US, China and Russia
The Slow Death of Russian Oil
What the Conventional Economic Wisdom Is Missing
Japan’s Iron Lady
In Germany, an Industrial Strategy in Disguise
The Political Shakeup in Pakistan-Administered Kashmir
The Case for Trump’s Second-Term Foreign Policy
Daily Memo: Trade in the Caucasus, Israel-India Defense Talks
The Slow Death of Russian Oil
COP30 and COP31 will test middle powers in a climate of opportunity
France’s Failure in Mali Threatens the World
The ‘Great Game’ of our Era: The US, China and Russia
The Case for Trump’s Second-Term Foreign Policy
The Black Atlantic’s Quest for Reparations
The Cheney Effect
Britain Is Having the World’s Most Extreme Immigration Debate
China’s Rare-Earth Own Goal
The Energy Transition Is Achievable in Emerging Markets
Initial Supreme Court Arguments on Tariffs Case Offer Some Hints
The War Is Over for Israel, but the Accounting Has Yet to Begin
Democrats Win Big in U.S. State and Local Elections on Anti-Trump Platform
Sweeping Democratic Wins Serve as a Referendum on Trump 2.0
Domestic Challenges Dent Pakistan’s Triumphalism
A Victorious Mamdani Will Be Forced Onto the International Stage
Russia’s arrest of Ukrainian scientist brings the chill of geopolitics to the Antarctic
A new permanent contest with China over critical minerals will be hard to win
Will a trade deal repair India-US ties?
Toppling Maduro Without Boots on the Ground
Nuclear Tests and Their Legacy of Harms in Asia-Pacific
Why the New Hangor-Class Submarines Are Crucial for the Pakistan Navy
Takaichi and Trump: The Japan-US Alliance Under New Management
The World May Have Forgotten About Afghanistan, But the Afghan Diaspora Hasn’t
India’s Rare Earth Opportunity After the Trump-Xi Summit
Lee Jae-myung’s North Korea Policy Is Built on Outdated Assumptions
How War in Taiwan Ends
Rethinking Offense and Defense in the AI Era
Corruption and Cybercrime in Southeast Asia: UN Conventions Build the Framework to Fight Back
The ‘New Normal’ Is Not Deglobalization, It’s Reglobalization
TICAD9: A New Direction and New Challenges
In First Summit, Takaichi Uses Abe Legacy, Flattery, and Defense Plans to Engage Trump
Beleaguered South Asian University Now Accused of ‘Cover-up’ of Alleged Gang Rape on Campus
The Trump-Xi APEC Summit: Seeking a Trade Truce
How Anti-Terror Laws Became a Tool to Silence Dissent in Balochistan
Kyrgyz Court Declares Temirov Live and Kloop Extremist
Is China’s Near Monopoly in Rare Earths Really a Chokepoint in the Global Economy?
Pragmatism with Purpose: South Korea’s Opportunity to Lead in the Indo-Pacific
Bangladesh: Where the Smoke Meets the Sea
Pakistan’s Islamist Parties Pivot to Economic Populism
Trump’s Meeting With Xi Must Deliver Wins, Not Photo Ops
French Shipyard Proposes Partnering With India’s Mazagon Dock to Build Subs for Export
Trump, Xi Attacks on Rights a Challenge for APEC Summit
South Korea and US Presidents Talk Tariffs, Nuclear Subs at Summit
India’s Farm Policies Behind Bad Air, Unhealthy Diet, Water Crisis
China’s Private Sector: Unseen and Unsung
Takaichi’s Ambitious Economic and Security Agenda for Japan
China’s Development Strategy in the 15th Five-Year Plan Era
The Trump-Xi Summits, Then and Now: Trade, Taiwan, and Russia
Wargaming China’s Dominance in Rare Earths and Critical Minerals
The Remaking of the Indian Army Since Operation Sindoor
Myanmar Rebel Group Agrees to Ceasefire With Military Ahead of Junta Election
With Fourth Plenum, Xi Jinping Dares the US to Fight
BBC Journalist Barred From Leaving Vietnam, Broadcaster Says
Will Crime Syndicates Kill the Thai-Cambodian Peace Deal?
The Hanoi Convention: Vietnam’s Middle Power Moment
25 Years On: How Resolution 1325 Transformed Women’s Role in Global Peace
Japan-South Korea Relations Under a Takaichi Sanae Government
‘Golden Age’ of the Japan-US Alliance in the Shadow of Abe
South Korean President Meets New Japanese Prime Minister
Trump, Xi Tackle Trade War in ‘Truly Great Meeting’
Failed Taliban-Pakistan Peace Talks and China’s Deepening Concerns
A Perfect Match: Taliban Control Meets Global Apathy
APEC Is More Than the Trump-Xi Summit
New Zealand’s Recalibrated Foreign Policy at Play in Southeast Asia
Fractures and Realignments Among Pakistan’s Jihadist Groups
Taiwan’s T-Dome Missile Defense: Balancing Deterrence, Risk, and Regional Stability
India’s Massive Mining Push in the Fragile Northeast Causes Concern
Timor-Leste Shouldn’t Have to Buy Its ASEAN Seat With Silence
Afghanistan and the Long Shadow of Bagram
Life in Lint: The Cost of India’s Textile Recycling
Former President Duterte to Appeal ICC Ruling Affirming Its Jurisdiction
Nepal Counts the Economic Cost of the Gen Z Uprising
Uzbekistan’s Water Crisis Spells Debts for Farmers
Game Changer: Trump Approves South Korea’s Nuclear Submarine Ambition
Trump and Xi Revive the Ghost of the G2
Why Standing by South Korea’s Hanwha Is a US Imperative
C5+1 Summit: What’s at Stake for the US and Central Asia
Cheng Li-wun’s Election Raises Questions for the KMT
Taliban Minister Muttaqi’s Visit to Deoband Seminary in India
Beyond Hardware: The Message Behind Singapore’s New Defense Acquisitions
Japan Is Sending Soldiers to Lithuania to Train Ukrainian Troops
Why Trump Should Have Raised China’s Transnational Repression With Xi Jinping
Where Afghanistan Fits in Iran’s Changing Regional Playbook
Europe’s Blind Spot: China’s Transnational Repression
Is This Central Asia’s Green Energy Reckoning?
United Council of Rohang: Bangladesh’s Script for Rohingya Leadership
How North Korea Uses Vietnam to Avoid UN Sanctions
Inside China’s Struggle for Influence in Central Asia
US, Vietnam Discuss Deeper Defense Cooperation, Possible Arms Sales
Rebel Leader Reiterates Demand for Separate Flag and Constitution for Nagas in India’s Northeast
How to Save India-US Relations
Singapore Police Seize $115M in Assets Tied to Cambodia’s Prince Group
Why Indonesia’s Focus on Secondhand Military Purchases Could Backfire
Asia’s Dual Scramble: Critical Minerals, Energy, and the Traders Holding It Together
With Eye on Elections Bangladesh’s Jamaat-e-Islami Offers Vague Apology
In Kazakhstan, Energy Security Is Increasingly in Danger
How the Trump-Xi Meeting Was Read in Taiwan
C5+1 at a Crossroads: Charting the Next Decade of US-Central Asia Engagement
Lee and Xi Agree to Strengthen China-South Korea Relations
Taiwan’s Participation in the ‘Global Mutirão’ on Climate Transition
Debt Relief as Currency Strategy: China’s Renminbi Push in Africa
Nuclear Subs and Bounded Autonomy: The Evolving Logic of the South-US Alliance
A Mini-Detente Between Trump and Xi: What It Means for Central Asia
Philippines, Canada Sign Visiting Forces Agreement Amid South China Sea Tensions
What the 2025 APEC Summit Means for South Korea’s AI Ambitions
The Strategic Costs of US Exchange Program Cuts in Southeast Asia
Philippine, UAE Have Applied for CPTPP Membership, Report Claims
China’s Banner Year in Combat Aircraft
Pakistan’s Generals Are Marching Toward Another Disaster
Can the Opposition End the 20 Years of BJP-JD(U) Rule in India’s Bihar?
US & Central Asia: What Is the C5+1?
Through the Tempest: The Philippines’ Defense Posture in Troubled Waters
Mongolia’s Defector Dilemma: Navigating the Korea Divide
US Tech Firms Are Bound by China’s Rising Techno-Nationalism
Malaysia Must Stop Enabling Iran’s Sanctions Evasion
India’s Tryst With Strategic Experimentation
Beyond Fiber-Optic Cables: Securing Seabed Before the Next Crisis
India, US Seek to Stabilize Relations By Renewing Defense Pact
Uzbekistan to Introduce Visa-Free Entry for US Citizens From January 1
Japan’s New Government Boasts High Approval Ratings
Growing Trust – and Trade – Between the US and Uzbekistan
The Political Shakeup in Pakistan-Administered Kashmir
Nuclear Tests and Their Legacy of Harms in Asia-Pacific
Why the New Hangor-Class Submarines Are Crucial for the Pakistan Navy
Takaichi and Trump: The Japan-US Alliance Under New Management
The World May Have Forgotten About Afghanistan, But the Afghan Diaspora Hasn’t
India’s Rare Earth Opportunity After the Trump-Xi Summit
Lee Jae-myung’s North Korea Policy Is Built on Outdated Assumptions
Terror Returns to Darfur
Why Washington’s Adversaries Must Find Accommodation
The Desperate Search for Gaza Peacekeepers
The Three Technologies Disrupting the Global Order
All over the rich world, fewer people are hooking up and shacking up
Singapore Introduces Mandatory Caning For Scamming Offenses
In the Philippines, Corruption Protests Continue to Hound the Marcos Administration
Blue Porcelain and Rare Earths
Renewables, Sustainable Growth and Competition in the East Asian Market
Thailand Announces Plans to Trace ‘Gray Money’ Transactions Linked to Scams, Crime
Daily Memo: Developments in Israel and Syria
AI Agents Threaten Free Societies
AI Wants Our Water
Australia-Japan ties are about shaping outcomes, not hedging bets
Hezbollah Is Down But Not Out
Africa’s Financial Sovereignty Is Under Attack
Agriculture for Security
America’s Future Is Being Sacrificed for Short-Term “Wins”
What Went Wrong in Tanzania?
Migration From Kashmir: Between Hope and Heartache
Afghanistan: It Can Never Be the Same
27th Amendment to Pakistan’s Constitution on the Anvil
China’s Exit Bans Are Breaking a Decades-Long Social Contract
Takaichi Government Moves to Expand Japan’s Defense Exports After Komeito’s Exit
The Future of Japan’s Official Development Assistance Under Takaichi
Turning Off Starlink Coverage Won’t Destroy Myanmar’s Scam Centers
Behind the Marble Walls: A Glimpse Into Turkmenistan
Japanese Markets Look Poised to Prosper With New Government, China-US Trade Truce
How China Spreads Authoritarian Practices Beyond Its Borders
Trump Hosts Central Asian Nations to Ink Critical Minerals Deals
Trump Seeks to Counter Russia, China in Their Own Backyard
Why Congress Is So Mad at the Pentagon
A wall rebuilt in Europe – this one for drones
Anwar’s international success sours at home
The COP30 and COP31 summits must be a display of southern hemisphere stewardship
To Counter China, Look to the ‘Other Trilat’
Global Climate Policy Is Broken
Milei’s Tightrope Act
A Complacent Pentagon Needs to Learn From Ukraine
In Search of the AI Bubble’s Economic Fundamentals
A new industry of AI companions is emerging
The rise of singlehood is reshaping the world
China’s clean-energy revolution will reshape markets and politics
Don’t blame AI for your job woes
America should not push other countries to adopt the dollar
What explains India’s peculiar stability?
South Asia’s water wars
India’s women win the cricket World Cup
War looms in Venezuela as Trump tests an “Americas First” doctrine
Will anything—or anyone—stop the slaughter in Sudan?
Tanzania has its Tiananmen moment
Donald Trump says he may strike Nigeria to save Christians. Really?
Iraq’s election may ensure stability but leave militias in control
Should facial analysis help determine whom companies hire?
America’s furniture-makers exemplify the folly of tariffs
China’s life-sciences industry is turning American
A Czech shift to the right is worrying news for Ukraine
Ukraine’s valiant defence of Pokrovsk is nearing its end
Why moderates are reclaiming Europe’s national flags
Pope Leo XIV is infuriating MAGA Catholics
Politics
Business
The weekly cartoon
The rise and fall of America’s model mobile crisis service
America’s health-care costs are shooting up
What a leaked transcript reveals about China’s muscular statecraft
Hong Kongers support gay marriage. Their leaders, not so much
America and China circle each other in the South China Sea
Indonesia raids its rainy-day pot
Queen Sirikit’s death shows changing Thai views of the monarchy
Nigel Farage’s newfound fiscal prudence is welcome, if unproven
America’s plans for a Golden Dome are dangerously obscure
Russia’s New War of Attrition
Global Climate Policy Is Broken
Latin America’s Pivot to Asia
A Week in Chengdu
Indonesia’s Never-Ending Quest for a National Car
Today Trump Is Talking to a Different North Korea
Chinese Rhetoric on Okinawa and the Ryukyu Islands
Indonesian Activists Protest Plans to Grant Former President Suharto ‘Hero’ Status
People, Finance, Nature: What COP30 Means for Southeast Asia
Building Tomorrow’s Leaders: How Global Schools Group Redefines Education
Milei’s Tightrope Act
Trump Is Alienating Southeast Asia
Trump Should Oust Maduro
Daily Memo: Moscow and Pyongyang Hold Defense Talks
Global Climate Policy Is Broken
Toward Humanist Superintelligence
Why Climate Finance Is Not Enough
The Use and Abuse of ‘Narco-Terrorism’
Climate Issue newsletter: China, the climate superpower
Defending the Pacific: George Friedman on Australia, Japan and the coalition against China
Defending the Pacific: George Friedman on Australia, Japan and the coalition against China
How Oil Came to Define Venezuela’s Economy
Is Takaichi Sanae Japan’s Margaret Thatcher?
Europe Must Find Its Own Way in Ukraine
Trump’s G2 Moment: Dawn of a New World Order?
When Central Asia Came to Washington
Why a Full-blown War Against the Taliban May Not Benefit Pakistan
COP30 and China’s Tibetan Plateau Paradox
Sanctions, the Taliban, and an Iranian Port: The Uncertain Future of India’s Kabul Route
Czechia: China’s Punitive Silence on Replay
Del Toro’s Netflix ‘Frankenstein’ Feels Like a Classic
The Donald Trump guide to DEI on campus
How stable are the gender identities of younger children?
The UN’s grim future
Don’t fret over China’s new climate targets
Our new “wolf warrior” index on Chinese diplomacy
The surprising nature of protest in China
Sri Lanka’s mass graves need proper investigation
Meet Thailand’s karaoke-crooning prime minister
A rare ceremony revives debate over imperial succession
Nvidia’s $5bn stake in Intel is a shrewd political move
The world’s most innovative countries
Checks and Balance newsletter: Will America be governed by threats or by law?
Cover Story newsletter: How we chose the cover image
Are touchscreens in cars dangerous?
Is Colombia at the “gates of hell”?
Russia’s besieged economy is clinging on
Rail travel is booming in America
After Charlie Kirk’s murder, conservatives hope for a religious revival
The War Room newsletter: Why Trump wants a Taliban air base back
Why AI systems may never be secure, and what to do about it
A restaurant scandal sticks in China’s throat
The perverse consequence of America’s $100,000 visa fees
Argentina’s finances just got even more surreal
Would you shelter under Pakistan’s nuclear umbrella?
Nvidia’s $100bn bet on OpenAI raises more questions than it answers
The president is wrong on Tylenol
Criminals make up a shrinking share of ICE arrests
A short history of the Koreas, in eight maps
How to spot a genius
Ukraine faces deepening military, political and economic problems
A made-in-China plan for world domination
Fixing the rot in Ukraine
Will Dubai’s super-hot property market avoid a crash?
Analysing Africa newsletter: Life, death and poverty in Madagascar
Europe wants to turn frozen Russian assets into Ukrainian firepower
What happens when Ukraine stops fighting?
Investing like the ultra-rich is easier than ever
Immigrants are narrowing the black-white wage gap in America
In some sports, left-handed athletes seem to have an innate advantage
A clever genetic technique may treat a horrible brain condition
Syria’s new leader makes a star turn in New York
The Economist Insider launches soon
Britain is slowly going bust
The AI talent war is becoming fiercer
Why Xi Jinping now accepts Kim Jong Un at the grown-ups’ table
The individual usurps the firm as the leading actor in business
People are using big data to try to predict Nobel laureates
Indian cities have a devilish animal problem
The desperate search for superstar talent
It will take more than speeches to change Israel’s policy toward the Palestinians
Could Tony Blair run Gaza?
Burkina Faso’s strongman has gone viral
Measuring mortality is getting even harder in Africa
A fast-growing German coffee chain causes a stir
How AI is changing the office
Novo Nordisk v Eli Lilly: return of the weight-loss wars
Can’t anyone get Germany’s trains to run on time?
Why France is thinking of targeting the super-rich
Politics
Business
The weekly cartoon
Democratic mayors and the president are converging on drugs policy
The president’s border czar was caught in a sting operation
Women’s pro-ballers want more cash
It is getting much harder to get evicted in New York City
Donald Trump is raising the stakes for holding power
Europe’s astonishing drop in illegal migration
China is turning up its nose at American soyabeans
All eyes on the NBA as its players return to China
The world’s most persecuted people
Asian countries are nabbing a lot more foreign students
Donald Trump is trying to silence his critics. He will fail
The deadly allure of a bad deal with North Korea
How to stop AI’s “lethal trifecta”
North Korea is becoming even more repressive and threatening
Can Donald Trump muzzle America’s press?
Nvidia’s $100bn bet on OpenAI raises plenty of questions
Donald Trump escalates his retribution campaign
Takaichi Sanae, the hardline nationalist who may soon lead Japan
Are red-light face masks worth the hype?
The War Room newsletter: The best tanks of all time
Cover Story newsletter: How we chose the cover image
What are TikTok’s new owners buying?
Donald Trump is waging war on sky-high drug prices. Can he win?
The economics of self-driving taxis
Russia is violating Europe’s skies with impunity
Armed forces are using 18th-century technology to spy on enemies
Moldova defies Russia by re-electing its pro-European government
The War Room newsletter: Is Putin testing Europe’s mettle?
China’s stockmarket rally may hurt the economy
Jerome Cohen was China’s most optimistic critic
Donald Trump reaches for “eternal peace” in Gaza
Your federal government is now closed for business
Where can Americans afford to live solo in 2025?
The murky economics of the data-centre investment boom
A new technique can turn a woman’s skin cells into eggs
Why protests are sweeping Madagascar
The flashing red threat from Russia’s dark fleet
The president tries to enlist the top brass for “the war from within”
Can the West survive an age of brinkmanship?
A big majority of Israelis support Donald Trump’s Gaza peace plan
Middle East Dispatch newsletter: Does Israel want “eternal peace”?
A German newspaper for Bolivian blondes
America’s newest media moguls: the Ellisons
Restocking an African lake may ameliorate a debilitating plague
A portent of death may have helped create life
The eccentric investment strategy that beats the rest
The White House’s plan for Gaza deserves praise
Unleash the robotaxi revolution
Women’s cricket in India is taking off
Can India strike a deal on Russian oil to appease America?
Vladimir Putin is testing the West—and its unity
Why Russia’s micro-aggressions against Europe are proliferating
How the Trump administration learned to love foreign aid
Credit markets look increasingly dangerous
Don’t tax wealth
Does big pharma gouge Americans?
The deal shielding Mexico and Canada from trade oblivion
Jair Bolsonaro is running out of options
Violent hatred flares between Kurdish cousins
Africa’s most secretive dictatorship faces an existential crisis
Armin Papperger’s vaulting ambitions for Rheinmetall
With Electronic Arts, Saudi Arabia scores a record buy-out
ByteDance will be better off without TikTok US
How bosses unwittingly exert power
Europe’s biggest military project could collapse
The unravelling of France’s centrist project
How Europe crushes innovation
Italy’s regions are creating a right to die
How bad is America’s icebreaker gap with Russia?
Politics
The weekly cartoon
Business
The president’s agenda looks safe at the Supreme Court—with a few exceptions
Republicans in the West want more wolves killed
How a MAGA-aligned Republican has put a Democratic state in play
Bitcoin and a Chinese fraudster in London
China is the GOAT of engineering. Right?
Xi Jinping wants a spot in your inbox
South-East Asia is being swamped with Chinese goods
Japanese politics heats up
Australia’s post-China hangover
Donald Trump’s cure for drug prices is worse than the disease
The new SCOTUS term will reshape America’s constitution
Essential India Newsletter: What Britain can learn from Aadhaar
Is dark chocolate actually healthy?
Andrej Babis, the Czech billionaire making a political comeback
Cover Story newsletter: How we chose the cover image
Many Democrats think Chuck Schumer is a problem
Victory for Japan’s polarising Iron Lady, Takaichi Sanae
Hamas says “yes, but” to the Trump Gaza plan. That may not be enough
The Czech Trump wins an election, again
Ukraine’s hellfire is intensifying the Kremlin’s fuel crisis
Donald Trump is victorious at the southern border
Bonfire of the middle managers
A make-or-break moment for Israel, Hamas—and Donald Trump
France’s Fifth Republic is in unprecedented turmoil
The Economist today newsletter: What happens when migrants stop coming?
A Nobel prize in physiology for immune tolerance
What a Chicago immigration raid says about Trumpism
Luxury goods are out, but luxury travel is in
AI video: more than just “slop”
The War Room newsletter: Are America’s military standards slipping?
Mark Carney’s radical vision for handling Trumpian America
A knife-edge moment in the Middle East as peace talks begin
Chinese officials boast a god’s-eye view of towns from above
Japanese politics enters its heavy-metal phase
Maps and data tell the story of two bloody years in Israel and Gaza
A Nobel for the physics that ushered in quantum computing
Agriculture faces a MAGA reckoning
Welcome to Zero Migration America
Europe struggles to put homeland defence first
Who do Americans blame for the government shutdown?
The Argentine peso, and Javier Milei, are in trouble
A chemistry Nobel for crystals that absorb other chemicals
The sinister disappearance of China’s bosses
Why Donald Trump’s tariffs are failing to break global trade
Hamas says there is “a spirit of optimism” over peace talks
What American voters really think of the revenge agenda
Hover flies are long-distance travellers
This year’s Nobel laureates have now been announced
The most dangerous corner of a balance-sheet
A euphoric Donald Trump wins a breakthrough in the Middle East
Africa’s leaders-for-life offer a warning to the world
The new age of the African Big Man
A new beginning for the Middle East
The global gold boom’s $150bn final frontier: Pakistan
Will this experiment fix India’s Silicon Valley?
What rich Indians fear
Narendra Modi’s paltry target for India’s growth
Front-line economics: lessons from Russia’s neighbours
The stockmarket is fuelling America’s economy
Israel and Hamas agree to the first phase of Donald Trump’s peace plan
Donald Trump’s fortress economy is starting to hurt America
American soya farmers are miserable. Brazil’s are ebullient
TotalEnergies leads the dash for Africa’s new oil and gas
The forgotten horror of Western Tigray
Businesses are grappling with a wave of cybercrime
Bottled water is going upmarket
A short guide to white-collar warfare
What if OpenAI went belly-up?
Macron seeks to buy time with a new prime minister
Russia is torturing its Ukrainian captives
The comeback of Andrej Babis
“Brussels” is the phantom menace Europe loves to blame
Politics
Business
The weekly cartoon
Blame, strategising and America’s government shutdown
A data-rich look at New York’s battle against rats
Forget EVs. Cycling is revolutionising transport
Xi Jinping is personally involved in China’s new five-year plan
China’s industrial largesse may cost it $370bn a year in lost output
China’s H-1B-visa alternative excites interest abroad—but fury at home
Meet Japan’s “Fireball”, Takaichi Sanae, its polarising new leader
Cybercrime is afflicting big business. How to lessen the pain
Which countries breed Nobel laureates, and which import them?
Letitia James is the latest target of Donald Trump’s revenge agenda
María Corina Machado, Venezuela’s “Iron Lady”, gets the peace Nobel
Are barefoot shoes good for runners?
Cover Story newsletter: How we chose this week’s image
America and China return to fierce trade conflict
Checks and Balance newsletter: The credit President Trump deserves
Donald Trump scrambles to seal the deal in Gaza
Why the ultra-rich are giving up on luxury assets
China tries shock-and-awe on Donald Trump
The War Room newsletter: The messy reality of Gaza’s truce
Never mind America’s real economy. Its deal economy is booming
Can AI replace junior workers?
Joel Mokyr deserves his Nobel prize
Consequences be damned. China loves its own economic model
The new war on drugs
Fighting flares in Gaza as Donald Trump says “The war is over”
China is going after American firms to hit back at Donald Trump
El Boletín newsletter: Political chaos in Peru
California tries to fix its housing mess
Ukraine’s most prestigious military units are run like businesses
The Economist is hiring a Senior Producer
Gen Z revolution or military coup in Madagascar?
How to save Madagascar’s dwindling forests
Global warming may have volcanic consequences
The strange role of lead poisoning in humanity’s success
What Donald Trump gets right in the Middle East
Would inflation-linked bonds survive an inflationary default?
Donald Trump and Xi Jinping: both weaker than they think
The America v China spat reveals a dangerous dynamic
America’s bankers are riding high. Why are they so worried?
A billionaire has rebuilt downtown Detroit
Venezuelans wonder if America will bring down Nicolás Maduro
The new economics of babymaking
Indian microfinance is in trouble
The rich world faces a painful bout of inflation
India’s bankruptcy laws are hobbling the country
Border clashes erupt between Pakistan and Afghanistan—again
Charles de Gaulle’s constitution has failed to shield France from turmoil
The icy cold war America is busy losing
America doubles down on Javier Milei
After 20 years of left-wing rule, Bolivia has swung right
Why Ghana is safe from jihadists, for now
The new players who could run Gaza
Sudan’s remarkable mutual-aid groups
The Dutch seize control of Nexperia from its Chinese owner
The remarkable rise of AppLovin
TED gets new bosses and changes direction
Why bosses need to wake up to dark patterns
Sloponomics: who wins and loses in the AI-content flood?
Giorgia Meloni marks her third anniversary in great political shape
The high costs of Spain’s renewables revolution
Grid operators in the Baltics and Poland are preparing for Russian attacks
Politics
Business
The weekly cartoon
Utahns are fighting for fair maps
The Department of Revenge
Donald Trump should love Ken Burns’s new documentary
The secret fuel powering China’s self-driving cars
How Xi Jinping’s war on corruption has driven more of it
China is rounding up Christian leaders
Australia’s ambitious new push to counter China
Takaichi Sanae’s path to power in Japan grows more complex
Japan’s wartime history causes contemporary problems
Brute force is no match for today’s high-tech drug-runners
First Brands is a painful but necessary warning for Wall Street
Why Trump is looking the wrong way in the Arctic
The traffickers are winning the war on drugs
The world’s most—and least—powerful passports
The criminal case against John Bolton looks serious
The leader of the cult-like Moonies is engulfed in scandal
Cover Story newsletter: Governments are going broke
Can bright light banish winter depression?
Russia’s latest big Ukraine offensive gains next to nothing, again
Checks and Balance newsletter: The Pentagon’s last reporters
Drum Tower newsletter: The uncomfortable embrace between China and America
Why Wall Street is fearful of more lending blow-ups
Savage drone warfare engulfs Ukraine’s front line
Why America and China can’t escape their toxic cycle of trade talks
The world economy shrugs off both the trade war and AI fears
The War Room newsletter: Three lessons from a spy scandal
Why Gaza’s “eternal” ceasefire is holding—for now
France puts a former president, Nicolas Sarkozy, behind bars
Despite abstemious Gen Zs, the booze industry is going strong
Takaichi Sanae becomes Japan’s first female prime minister
Why are American women leaving the labour force?
Javier Milei faces his most dangerous moment yet
The mercenary business is on the brink of another boom
Brussels feels like a city preparing for war
Golf simulators and gyms are luring Americans back to the office
Wanted: a new finance writer
China’s chipmakers are cleverly innovating around America’s limits
After Gaza, Israeli politics are even less predictable
How to make immigration palatable in a populist age
America’s government shutdown is its weirdest yet
AI models ace their predictions of India’s monsoon rains
How the persecution of sparrows killed 2m people
Why investors still don’t believe in Argentina
China is using America’s own trade weapons to beat it
Why China is winning the trade war
The migration schemes even populists love
Trumponomics is warping the world’s copper markets
Can AI make the poor world richer?
China is being fuelled by inspiration, not perspiration
India’s poorest and youngest electorate prepares for polls
Never mind your children’s screen time. Worry about your parents’
Colombia has finally drawn Donald Trump’s ire
Javier Milei’s fate turns on an upcoming election. Can he win?
The obvious economics of preserving the Amazon
How to preserve Africa’s natural riches for everyone
Qatar is a crossroads at a crossroads
Two flawed elections show the dangers of one-party rule
In South Korea a corporate-governance revolution is under way
OpenAI and Anthropic v app developers: tech’s Cronos syndrome
Sports leagues find that streaming pirates have their purposes
Beware the “romance of leadership”
American big business faces a $1trn capex question
Turkey’s fabled textile industry is coming apart at the seams
Western drones are underwhelming on the Ukrainian battlefield
Poland refuses to extradite a Nord Stream suspect
Germany’s much-ballyhooed “autumn of reforms” is a damp squib
Can Ukraine get past the bouncer on the EU door?
The weekly cartoon
Politics
Business
A Supreme Court case could help entrench Republican power
How the Trump administration could make sensible rules for drones
America’s gerrymander war is heating up
In the race for Virginia governor, Democrats see boring as a plus
Donald Trump has turned the war on drugs into a real war
Meet the real screen addicts: the elderly
Why Hong Kong is going for gold
China has a grave problem
What is Taiwan’s plan B?
How to win prizes and lose influence
America and Britain target Asia’s sprawling scam industry
To save the world’s tropical forests, learn from Brazil
Will America’s new sanctions on Russian oil force a peace deal?
The world has become surprisingly less grumpy
Can you eat your way to lower cholesterol?
Cover Story newsletter: How we chose the cover image
Karina Milei, Argentina’s most powerful woman, faces a storm of criticism
The East Wing demolition is a parable of the Trump presidency
Checks and Balance newsletter: Rural America reckons with Donald Trump
The counterintuitive economics of smoking
China’s secret stockpiles have been a great success—so far
Xi Jinping is at his boldest and brashest
The Kremlin’s blitz to make Ukraine “go dark”
Javier Milei has won a fresh mandate to remake Argentina
The meaning of America’s vast military build-up off Venezuela
The end of the rip-off economy
Xi Jinping’s latest purge: paranoid or purposeful?
Why big oil is missing out on the AI energy bonanza
El Boletín newsletter: The fallout from Javier Milei’s big win
China is backing Russia’s war to keep America distracted, says Kaja Kallas
A political drama for the ages, opening soon in New York City
Weight-loss drugs are spreading across the world
Hurricane Melissa is one of the strongest storms ever recorded
What the Trump-Xi meeting can and can’t solve
How pig-organ transplants might soon save lives
Donald Trump’s trade power is vast, but self-defeating
Tear gas and Halloween costumes in America’s third-largest city
Javier Milei’s chance to transform Argentina and teach the world
America is upgrading GPS to catch up with rivals
A bloody police raid in Rio was the deadliest in Brazil’s history
Europe’s defence firms are flying. Now for the hard part
Scientists may have found a panacea for snake bites
A letter to investors from the White House Opportunities Fund
India’s IPO boom is good news for its economy
The Dutch choose optimism over anti-immigrant populism
The battle for New York
Zohran Mamdani wants to make New York great again
As new jobs in finance dry up, New York City’s fiscal model is wilting
What will it cost to make Vladimir Putin stop?
America and China have only holstered their trade weapons
Asia adapts to Donald Trump’s transactional diplomacy
Why funding Ukraine is a giant opportunity for Europe
Donald Trump and Xi Jinping agree to a trade truce
The new globalisation paradox
Investors will help Jamaica recover from Hurricane Melissa
Jamaica’s nightmare comes true
The Colombian left has chosen a successor to Gustavo Petro
Aid cuts are devastating health services in Africa
The limits of Turkey’s influence in Syria are showing
Darfur’s besieged capital falls to the Rapid Support Forces
The next stage of the Trump peace plan for Gaza is stalling
An Egyptian comedian makes a (virtual) comeback
Sweden’s leading business dynasty prepares for succession
LinkedIn and the art of self-promotion
Porsche’s warning lights are flashing
Google v Microsoft: the battle of AI business models
Europe’s need for green electricity is blowing fuses
France’s finance minister on how to pass a budget
Turkey’s president is moving to eviscerate democracy
The Finnish lifestyle philosophy that could save Europe
Politics
The weekly cartoon
Business
The data-centre backlash is brewing in America
A basketball scandal highlights vulnerabilities in sports betting
Crunching the numbers on every NYC marathon finisher since 2021
Led by Nvidia, the AI industry has plans to reindustrialise America
Could Donald Trump become president again in 2028?
What a popular murderer reveals about Japan
At long last, Timor-Leste joins ASEAN
How East Asian pop culture is inspiring Gen Z protests
The Trump administration’s approach to global health is flawed but fixable
How many people are already being killed by climate change?
Can a dopamine detox reset your brain?
Curtis Sliwa’s tough-guy mien evokes an older New York
The War Room newsletter: The most successful amphibious invasion
Checks and Balance newsletter: Tear gas and Halloween in Chicago
Donald Trump’s alarming muddle about nuclear-weapons testing
Cover Story newsletter: The battle for New York
Why Wall Street won’t see the next crash coming
Has Airbnb reached its peak?
China’s Belt and Road Initiative is booming again
How to beat the hard right, Netherlands edition
Elections this week will show how unpopular Donald Trump really is
Introducing our free newsletter on health and wellness
How a little Chinese island rose to global chemical dominance
The War Room newsletter: Did a Russian weapon spook Trump?
The rise and fall of Stacey Abrams’s political machine
War is blasting Ukraine’s border city of Kharkiv but boosting Lviv
Will AI make dating apps better—or even worse?
The mystery of China’s slumping investment
An EU-Mercosur trade deal looks close to ratification
How Donald Trump can dodge a Supreme Court tariff block
Analysing Africa newsletter: Donald Trump is focusing on the wrong atrocities
How the sheriff of St Louis ended up in jail
First, grinning Labubu dolls. Now, a TV show and theme parks
China places a Hong Kong-sized bet on Western decline
For the first time, climate models show the 1.5°C goal is dead
A night of big wins for the Democrats
Gerrymandering is now the wind beneath Gavin Newsom’s wings
Tracking American drug-boat strikes off Venezuela’s coast
How much wealth an AI stockmarket crash could destroy
Israel’s politicians are taking on its lawyers once again
Jordan Bardella starts to lay out his plans
Democrats risk drawing the wrong lessons from one good day
Was the Pacific Palisades blaze a “zombie fire”?
Investors are telling Britain to cheer up a bit
Universal child care can hurt children
Golden Dome is one of the most ambitious military projects ever
Why Palantir’s success will outlast AI exuberance
The Supreme Court seems sceptical of Donald Trump’s tariffs
All over the rich world, fewer people are hooking up and shacking up
A new industry of AI companions is emerging
The rise of singlehood is reshaping the world
China’s clean-energy revolution will reshape markets and politics
Don’t blame AI for your job woes
America should not push other countries to adopt the dollar
What explains India’s peculiar stability?
South Asia’s water wars
India’s women win the cricket World Cup
War looms in Venezuela as Trump tests an “Americas First” doctrine
Will anything—or anyone—stop the slaughter in Sudan?
Tanzania has its Tiananmen moment
Donald Trump says he may strike Nigeria to save Christians. Really?
Iraq’s election may ensure stability but leave militias in control
Should facial analysis help determine whom companies hire?
America’s furniture-makers exemplify the folly of tariffs
China’s life-sciences industry is turning American
A Czech shift to the right is worrying news for Ukraine
Ukraine’s valiant defence of Pokrovsk is nearing its end
Why moderates are reclaiming Europe’s national flags
Pope Leo XIV is infuriating MAGA Catholics
Politics
Business
The weekly cartoon
The rise and fall of America’s model mobile crisis service
America’s health-care costs are shooting up
What a leaked transcript reveals about China’s muscular statecraft
Hong Kongers support gay marriage. Their leaders, not so much
America and China circle each other in the South China Sea
Indonesia raids its rainy-day pot
Queen Sirikit’s death shows changing Thai views of the monarchy
Nigel Farage’s newfound fiscal prudence is welcome, if unproven
America’s plans for a Golden Dome are dangerously obscure
The Climate Issue newsletter: China, the climate superpower
Hemedti: warlord, power-broker and the new sultan of Darfur
Zohran Mamdani lost in parts of NYC that look most like America
Elon Musk’s $1trn pay deal is a troubling display of corporate capture
The Hanoi Convention: Vietnam’s Middle Power Moment
25 Years On: How Resolution 1325 Transformed Women’s Role in Global Peace
Japan-South Korea Relations Under a Takaichi Sanae Government
‘Golden Age’ of the Japan-US Alliance in the Shadow of Abe
South Korean President Meets New Japanese Prime Minister
Trump, Xi Tackle Trade War in ‘Truly Great Meeting’
Failed Taliban-Pakistan Peace Talks and China’s Deepening Concerns
A Perfect Match: Taliban Control Meets Global Apathy
APEC Is More Than the Trump-Xi Summit
New Zealand’s Recalibrated Foreign Policy at Play in Southeast Asia
Fractures and Realignments Among Pakistan’s Jihadist Groups
Taiwan’s T-Dome Missile Defense: Balancing Deterrence, Risk, and Regional Stability
India’s Massive Mining Push in the Fragile Northeast Causes Concern
Timor-Leste Shouldn’t Have to Buy Its ASEAN Seat With Silence
Afghanistan and the Long Shadow of Bagram
Life in Lint: The Cost of India’s Textile Recycling
Former President Duterte to Appeal ICC Ruling Affirming Its Jurisdiction
Nepal Counts the Economic Cost of the Gen Z Uprising
Uzbekistan’s Water Crisis Spells Debts for Farmers
Game Changer: Trump Approves South Korea’s Nuclear Submarine Ambition
Trump and Xi Revive the Ghost of the G2
Why Standing by South Korea’s Hanwha Is a US Imperative
C5+1 Summit: What’s at Stake for the US and Central Asia
Cheng Li-wun’s Election Raises Questions for the KMT
Taliban Minister Muttaqi’s Visit to Deoband Seminary in India
Beyond Hardware: The Message Behind Singapore’s New Defense Acquisitions
Japan Is Sending Soldiers to Lithuania to Train Ukrainian Troops
Why Trump Should Have Raised China’s Transnational Repression With Xi Jinping
Where Afghanistan Fits in Iran’s Changing Regional Playbook
Europe’s Blind Spot: China’s Transnational Repression
Is This Central Asia’s Green Energy Reckoning?
United Council of Rohang: Bangladesh’s Script for Rohingya Leadership
How North Korea Uses Vietnam to Avoid UN Sanctions
Inside China’s Struggle for Influence in Central Asia
US, Vietnam Discuss Deeper Defense Cooperation, Possible Arms Sales
Rebel Leader Reiterates Demand for Separate Flag and Constitution for Nagas in India’s Northeast
How to Save India-US Relations
Singapore Police Seize $115M in Assets Tied to Cambodia’s Prince Group
Why Indonesia’s Focus on Secondhand Military Purchases Could Backfire
Asia’s Dual Scramble: Critical Minerals, Energy, and the Traders Holding It Together
With Eye on Elections Bangladesh’s Jamaat-e-Islami Offers Vague Apology
In Kazakhstan, Energy Security Is Increasingly in Danger
How the Trump-Xi Meeting Was Read in Taiwan
C5+1 at a Crossroads: Charting the Next Decade of US-Central Asia Engagement
Lee and Xi Agree to Strengthen China-South Korea Relations
Taiwan’s Participation in the ‘Global Mutirão’ on Climate Transition
Debt Relief as Currency Strategy: China’s Renminbi Push in Africa
Nuclear Subs and Bounded Autonomy: The Evolving Logic of the South Korea-US Alliance
A Mini-Detente Between Trump and Xi: What It Means for Central Asia
Philippines, Canada Sign Visiting Forces Agreement Amid South China Sea Tensions
What the 2025 APEC Summit Means for South Korea’s AI Ambitions
The Strategic Costs of US Exchange Program Cuts in Southeast Asia
Philippine, UAE Have Applied for CPTPP Membership, Report Claims
China’s Banner Year in Combat Aircraft
Pakistan’s Generals Are Marching Toward Another Disaster
Can the Opposition End the 20 Years of BJP-JD(U) Rule in India’s Bihar?
US & Central Asia: What Is the C5+1?
Through the Tempest: The Philippines’ Defense Posture in Troubled Waters
Mongolia’s Defector Dilemma: Navigating the Korea Divide
US Tech Firms Are Bound by China’s Rising Techno-Nationalism
Malaysia Must Stop Enabling Iran’s Sanctions Evasion
India’s Tryst With Strategic Experimentation
Beyond Fiber-Optic Cables: Securing Seabed Before the Next Crisis
India, US Seek to Stabilize Relations By Renewing Defense Pact
Uzbekistan to Introduce Visa-Free Entry for US Citizens From January 1
Japan’s New Government Boasts High Approval Ratings
Growing Trust – and Trade – Between the US and Uzbekistan
The Political Shakeup in Pakistan-Administered Kashmir
Nuclear Tests and Their Legacy of Harms in Asia-Pacific
Why the New Hangor-Class Submarines Are Crucial for the Pakistan Navy
Takaichi and Trump: The Japan-US Alliance Under New Management
The World May Have Forgotten About Afghanistan, But the Afghan Diaspora Hasn’t
India’s Rare Earth Opportunity After the Trump-Xi Summit
Lee Jae-myung’s North Korea Policy Is Built on Outdated Assumptions
Singapore Introduces Mandatory Caning For Scamming Offenses
In the Philippines, Corruption Protests Continue to Hound the Marcos Administration
China: Blue Porcelain and Rare Earths
Renewables, Sustainable Growth and Competition in the East Asian Market
Thailand Announces Plans to Trace ‘Gray Money’ Transactions Linked to Scams, Crime
Migration From Kashmir: Between Hope and Heartache
Afghanistan: It Can Never Be the Same
27th Amendment to Pakistan’s Constitution on the Anvil
China’s Exit Bans Are Breaking a Decades-Long Social Contract
Takaichi Government Moves to Expand Japan’s Defense Exports After Komeito’s Exit
The Future of Japan’s Official Development Assistance Under Takaichi
Turning Off Starlink Coverage Won’t Destroy Myanmar’s Scam Centers
Behind the Marble Walls: A Glimpse Into Turkmenistan
Japanese Markets Look Poised to Prosper With New Government, China-US Trade Truce
How China Spreads Authoritarian Practices Beyond Its Borders
A Week in Chengdu
Indonesia’s Never-Ending Quest for a National Car
Today Trump Is Talking to a Different North Korea
Chinese Rhetoric on Okinawa and the Ryukyu Islands
Indonesian Activists Protest Plans to Grant Former President Suharto ‘Hero’ Status
People, Finance, Nature: What COP30 Means for Southeast Asia
Building Tomorrow’s Leaders: How Global Schools Group Redefines Education
Milei’s Tightrope Act
The Forgotten Visionary of U.S. War in Latin America
The Surprising History of Egypt’s ‘Crazy Tomatoes’
The Man Who Could Topple Orban
The Case for a European-Chinese Green Pact
Cover Story newsletter: The great relationship recession
Trump’s G2 Moment: Dawn of a New World Order?
When Central Asia Came to Washington
Why a Full-blown War Against the Taliban May Not Benefit Pakistan
COP30 and China’s Tibetan Plateau Paradox
Sanctions, the Taliban, and an Iranian Port: The Uncertain Future of India’s Kabul Route
Czechia: China’s Punitive Silence on Replay
What in the World?
5 Novelists on Their Favorite Climate Fiction
Africa Needs a Continental Body With Teeth
Orban Showers Trump With Praise to Avoid U.S. Sanctions
Orban Seeks Exemption From U.S. Penalties on Russian Oil Imports
In Unprecedented Times, Congress Evades Responsibility
The Worsening Oil Glut
India’s Labor Mobility Revolution: Turning Demographics Into Diplomacy
The US Tightening of Commercial Driver’s License Regulations Hurts Central Asian Migrants
Why the West Can’t Escape China’s Rare Earth Dominance – Yet
Lessons in Peace Building and Conflict Resolution From Fergana
George Answers Your Questions: The Legality of Boat Strikes
Checks and Balance newsletter: How Donald Trump became Joe Biden
South Korea’s new president is fixing relations with America, Japan and China
The Power of Gen Z-Led Uprisings
Not every critical mineral is equal – and Australia’s policy should reflect this
The mystery of America’s shutdown economy
COP30 Briefing Room
Georgia is dousing the last embers of democracy
Four charts explain why Donald Trump is in trouble
Pacific Islands: Without literacy, climate resilience is nigh on impossible
Australia becomes a risk-taking ally
Why Does the U.S. Set Presidential Term Limits?
China Is Already Pulling Ahead on the Next Energy Supply Chain
Sharaa’s Democratic Test
America’s Self-Defeating China Strategy
A new model for forest finance or just more debt?
How Netanyahu Survives
America’s Self-Defeating China Strategy
The UAE’s Role in the Sudanese Civil War
Mamdani’s Big Bet
The Cambodia-Thailand Border Dispute Remains Unresolved
Indonesia Plans to Begin Redenomination of Rupiah by 2027
China’s Nature Reserve at Scarborough Shoal Isn’t Just About Conservation
Thai Police Issue Arrest Warrant for Cambodian Tycoon Ly Yong Phat
Closing the Asia-Pacific’s Precision Therapy Access Gap
How Netanyahu Survives
Why Emerging Economies Are Embracing AI
Will AI Democratize Access to Equity Financing?
The Future of International Aid
A new project aims to predict how quickly AI will progress
Why COP30 may disappoint – again
Daily Memo: On Russia’s Labor Gap and Chinese Weapons
In Putin’s Russia, Even Lawyers Aren’t Safe
Millennial Leaders Won the Dutch Elections
COP30 Must Do Good, Not Just Avoid Harm
Europe Must Close the Space Gap
Will Israel Wreck the U.S.-Syria Romance?
Trump Deals a Blow to Bosnia
How HR took over the world
Violence Is the Heart of Brazilian Politics
Recessions have become ultra-rare. That is storing up trouble
Restoring ASEAN’s Collective Negotiating Function
Sri Lanka’s Budget Tightens Taxes, Trims Discretion, and Seeks Space for China-India-IMF Balancing
With Approval Soaring, How Ambitious Can Japan’s New Prime Minister Be?
North Korea Test-Fires SRBM as It Denounces South Korea-US Exercises
The Gyeongju Summit Was a Turning Point for APEC
Latin America’s Disjointed Reaction to Trump’s Drug Boat War
Why Extreme Weather Hits Southeast Asia So Hard
Trump Courts Sharaa to Secure a New Middle East Ally
Sharaa’s White House Visit Marks a Reshaping of the Regional Order
When women win: India’s cricket revolution
Mexico has become a less deadly place under Claudia Sheinbaum
London calling, political patronage, and the diplomatic curtain
America’s Self-Defeating China Strategy
Why does the Taliban remain a point of influence in Bangladesh?
Mongolia Badly Needs Education Reform
A C5+1 or 5 C1+1s: The New Math of US Central Asia Policy
The State of US Asia Policy in the Trump Era, With Special Guest Jim Sciutto
Tracking Conflict in the Asia-Pacific: October 2025 Update
Decoding the Myths: Understanding Hindutva and Hindu Organizations in America
Ukraine’s Hardest Winter
A Hidden Hunger Crisis Is Destabilizing the World
The Would-Be Dictator’s Army
Ukraine’s Hardest Winter
